well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
journalism and we are going to talk
about
some specific journalists in particular
the material they uncovered and
published
the effects and impacts that material is
probably going to have
on them and on the community at large
i want to start off by pointing out that
the material we're about to go over
was published by the manual red eye
that's a high school newspaper it's
fantastic
uh i was enthralled
when i was able to elicit a response
from
the principal when i ran a little
unauthorized
school newspaper they got a response
from the governor
good stuff so good in fact this channel
is going to send them something
use it to get new cameras lav mics a
gimbal whatever it is you need if you
guys don't need anything throw a party
okay we don't care all right so
what did they get they got training
materials from the kentucky state police
they published it we're gonna go through
this little powerpoint
if you are ex-military or an
ex-contractor
you're gonna recognize it it's gross man
and six people just left but
the point is this is uh these are
talking points
that are designed for warriors
they don't have any business being
taught to peace officers
this this concept this mindset
i'm going to go through and hit the
slides i think are most important the
whole thing will be linked
down below if you want you can follow it
along
okay so first slide it says warriors
mindset
next slide is the objectives the first
slide with actual information on it
is the warrior's chosen path and from
the very beginning
they have to start to stretch
definitions
deny historical realities so they can
include themselves
in this warrior image that they want to
cast
has a quote on it wolves travel in packs
but eagles soar alone because they
are often out there alone as officers
so they have to make it seem as though
that's how warriors normally operate and
we know that's true that's why we always
talk about our great seal individual
are special forces person now
still teams sf groups yes you may fight
on and complete the ranger objective
though you be the lone survivor
but that's only because everybody else
is gone warriors work in groups squads
platoons companies so on
this idea of separating the officer and
making them
above everybody else and that it carries
throughout the whole presentation
it creates the idea that the officer
is not only more ethical and more moral
but also that they're above the law and
that's a pretty
dangerous concept okay
the slide everybody's talking about most
people when they cover this
the thin gray line slide yeah
yeah it it it's wildly inappropriate
to be quoting robert e lee in law
enforcement training materials today
that's not a good idea and that's what
everybody's focusing on
i would like to point out that the high
school students got it right
they pointed to what was said it's not
where the quote came from that matters
it's the contents of the quote
manliness will carry you through the
world much better than policy
that is a wild statement to see in law
enforcement training
if you've watched this channel for any
length of time you have seen me
deconstruct
law enforcement use of force incidents
right
if something is bad what do i often say
yeah this is bad this isn't really the
greatest thing in the world
but it's within policy because policy is
what matters
the end of the day that's going to
determine whether or not the department
gets sued
whether or not it's legal because if
it's within policy they can always fall
back on the idea
that that's what they were trying to do
it certainly appears
as though kentucky state police their
policy is to disregard policy
if they are being trained to disregard
policy
that's something that well every
attorney in the state of kentucky needs
to know about
because it's going to impact a whole lot
of lawsuits
again i want to point out that the high
school students
properly highlighted that most of the
coverage from
the quote real journalists didn't
i'd also point out that that's just a
bunch of toxic garbage
manliness really anyway
the next important slide is titled the
progression
of digression
says police police tend to degenerate
into the mold of the people they are
trying to control
now i have objection with the use of the
term trying to control
um but maybe that's just a turn of
phrase it's not we'll see later
but i have an issue with that
beyond that police tend to degenerate
into the mold of the people they're
trying to control
i think it's really important for the
people of kentucky to understand
law enforcement is being trained to
believe you are degenerates
you are below them
that's not good when you start looking
at people that way you begin to
dehumanize them
and that's how excessive force happens
if you can't tell these training
materials are appalling
on that same slide it says loss of
public confidence
is the ultimate sanction no comment on
it at this point but keep that one in
mind
there's another slide it says one
percent at the top of it
and it has a quote from heraclitus
i'm not going to read the quote because
it doesn't matter because it's not a
real quote here clyde just never said
this it's just made up
but the idea behind it is that if there
are 100 soldiers
on a battlefield 10 of them don't need
to be there 80 of them are just targets
nine are fighters and we're lucky we
have them but
one one is the real warrior and he's
going to bring the rest of them home and
of course
the cops are the real warrior
again it's garbage it's not
reality this is not something that is
taught
this is just made up i would point out
though that i do find it interesting
even though they managed to misattribute
a quote
um they managed to use somebody who was
opposed to equality
and democracy at least you're keeping
with the theme here
there's another one looming thought
and it says something to the effect of
that if we were left without doctors and
engineers
well it would be difficult but if we
were without warriors for a generation
we would be
doomed what no
no if the world was without warriors for
a generation
and had engineers and doctors we would
have star trek
war is bad violence is bad
the fact that this needs to be explained
to adults who are in the profession of
arms
is a little unnerving the soldier the
warrior
above everyone else prays for peace
unless that's not really what they are
then they have a slide can you do it on
fire finally
finally they start to address what it
actually means to be a warrior
and it says to make peace with your
maker make peace with yourself
yes finally they touch on it that's
really what it means
because the way of the warrior is death
which means you can't say stuff like i
won't go home at the end of my shift
because it doesn't matter
it does not matter
go on another slide what is combat
and again they have to adjust the
definition because generally speaking
officers don't engage in combat not by
any traditional understanding of it
so they define it as any situation where
individuals are confronted with death
and must must respond to the situation
so uh a car accident
is combat a heart attack is combat
they have to stretch the definition and
make it so vague
that literally anything life-threatening
becomes combat
because they're not warriors they're not
supposed to be
that's not an insult it's just not the
job
on that slide it says you must be the
one to walk away
because you got to go home at the end of
your shift
but that's not what it's about
recent video somebody said the best
advice that i'd ever gotten
asked what it was said you're not going
to make it
because when you accept that becomes
less of an inevitability
then there's the slide that bothers me
the most
there's a slide titled violence of
action
long time viewers y'all heard that term
and since i am skipping around
i want to take the time to point out
there are no accompanying slides
for planning speed surprise any of that
just violence just violence
ruthlessness without anger controlled
aggression
without anger able to meet violence with
greater violence
yet that's not actually what wins it's
not what wins violence begets violence
professionally executed violence ends
violence
and if you want to do that you're going
to need those other slides
those that were just omitted because you
don't care about
actually being a warrior you don't care
about actually engaging
you just want to use brute force that's
what this is training
goes on to say that perceptions and
actions are not hindered by the
potential of death
yeah i mean that's true in war that's
that's how that happens um that's not
appropriate
in a civilian setting because you're not
warriors you're peace officers yeah
that's a huge part of it
if you want to be a warrior the way of
the warrior is death
you need to be prepared to hesitate
to make sure that your actions don't
cause the death of an innocent because
as a warrior
your job is to protect that community
that's your mission
and mission first right so it's okay if
you go
to protect them even from your mistakes
then in red and underlined it says be
the loving father
spouse and friend as well as the
ruthless
killer yeah that's how we want to think
of our
law enforcement ruthless killers
why do you all have that image because
it's in your training material
i would also point out that this isn't a
thing
yeah it's an ideal to strive for and
everything but there's a reason divorce
rates are so high among combat vets
there's a reason it takes so long
to reacclimate to a peaceful environment
when this is your mindset because if
you're going to be
void of emotion which is one of the
other ones here a mindset void of
emotion
you you don't have any you can't turn it
on and off
and warriors will tell you that you're
not supposed to be warriors
you're supposed to be peace officers
on this there's another quote
the very first essential for success is
a perpetually constant and regular
employment of violence success what's
the goal
to control the people remember on that
other slide
regular employment of violence that's
how they intend on doing it
this is disturbing even more disturbing
if you know where that quote came from
in this brief presentation they managed
to quote heraclitus
robert e lee and hitler
that's how our law enforcement's being
trained
it is appalling the last slide
it all boils down to this
this value mindset well it eliminates
hesitation
yeah it does if it's applied properly
this isn't but let's say that it was
it does eliminate hesitation problem is
you're you're supposed to hesitate
you are not in war you are not in combat
you are on a city street
your job is to protect the people around
you
so if for those who don't know
and who didn't get the joke earlier this
is basically a really bad rip-off
of some stuff put out by a guy named
grossman
now unlike many others who are critical
of law enforcement training i have an
immense amount of respect for grossman
i do his work is incredibly important it
is invaluable
to soldiers headed into combat it has
no business no business being taught to
cops
that isn't the mindset they need to have
now for what it's worth these high
school students
this high school newspaper they they got
a response from the government and
basically they were told well this
hasn't been used in a while
that's fantastic that's not enough what
was it replaced with
is it this same mindset is it the same
idea that the public
are degenerates
that law enforcement might one day stoop
to their level
are they taught to regularly
use violence to control the people
like some third-rate regime
these are questions we need answered
it's old
doesn't cut it and the officers who were
trained under this
are they still employed have they been
retrained
that one quote i said a file away loss
of public confidence
is the ultimate sanction
it's why there's so many protests right
now
because you have lost confidence of the
people because
you view them as lesser that might have
something to do with it
i would take a long hard look at
yourself
when uh i was a high school student
doing the paper i pushed the envelope
for the time
i talked about the fourth amendment
lockers being searched
you know how the staff was allowed to
have facial hair but we weren't because
i've been able to grow this since i was
like 15.
um they
went through police records you have to
wonder why
is it because they're tired of seeing
people their age with a chalk outline
are they trying to determine if the
people they fear law enforcement
if they're as bad as they're made out to
be
as the perception are they really
ruthless killers your training material
confirmed
everything that people fear
this is appalling this is appalling
on so many levels this is not law
enforcement this is not being a peace
officer
this is what you are trained to
understand before you go into combat and
it even does a poor job of that
it was distilled down to talking points
to cute little phrases
this isn't training this is a
justification for barbarism
and it needs to go away
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day